Copyright (c) 2019 Carnegie Mellon University (CMU),
Copyright (c) 2019 Triad National Security, LLC (TRIAD), as operator of
    Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL).

All rights reserved.

This software was developed, in part, under U.S. Government contract
89233218CNA000001 for Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL), which is operated
by Triad National Security, LLC for the U.S. Department of Energy/National
Nuclear Security Administration. As such, the U.S. Government has been granted
for itself and others acting on its behalf a paid-up, nonexclusive,
irrevocable, worldwide license in the Software to reproduce, distribute copies
to the public, prepare derivative works, and perform publicly and display
publicly, and to permit other to do so. NEITHER THE GOVERNMENT NOR TRIAD
NATIONAL SECURITY, LLC MAKES ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR ASSUMES ANY
LIABILITY FOR THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.  If software is modified to produce
derivative works, such modified software should be clearly marked, so as not to
confuse it with the version available from LANL.

This software is open source and available under the BSD-3 license.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal with
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the name of CMU, TRIAD, Los Alamos National Laboratory, LANL, the
  U.S. Government, nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or
  promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
  permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
